Okay, Daisy, here we go.
You are ready!
Ladies
and gentle-mammals.
Sanctuary City's
favorite champion,
Daisy Quokka!
She's the Quokka
Weight Champion
of the entire world!
- I love that quokka!
- Whoo-hoo!
Let's hear it for your champion!
This is a dream come true!
Whoo-hoo! Yes! Come on!
Alright! Huh?
I said this is
a dream come tru-u-u-u-ue!
Oh..
Frankie?
Oh. What's going on?
Ah!
I can't do it. I can't do it!
- Ah!
- Rarr!
Ah! Ah!
Up and at 'em, kiddo!
Uh, dad?
- Huh!
- Whoo-hoo, a dollar!
- Ooh, dad!
- Morning!
Ah, she must be up already.
Golly gee, right in the snout!
You're sleeping on the floor
again, kiddo.
You know, if you're trying
to fix that lower back,
you need one of these rollers.
Morning, sweetie.
I knew I heard voices.
Oh, right in the snout again!
Daisy! What have you done
with your hair, little miss?
- Mum, I just got up from...
- Like I was saying, kiddo.
You gotta roll out
and transform that lower back.
- Dad, I don't need to...
- Always brush...
Before and after you wake up,
sweetie. Keeps the knots out.
♪ Brush brush brush
brush it good ♪
♪ Da-na-na da ♪♪
Exactly. No more knots.
My name is Daisy Quokka.
And this?
This is how I start
each and every day.
♪ Brush brush brush ♪
♪ Roll roll roll it out ♪♪
Okay, okay, I'm sorry, hon,
I didn't mean to spook ya,
but it is time to get up!
Come on!
Dad, be careful. Mm...
Daisy, Daisy, Daisy...
Ah, yup! One of the greats.
Who is he again? Nah.
- I'm sure it'll hit me.
- His name is on the...
Eat up, sweetie, to make those
smiley cheeks nice and toned.
Besides, why would you wanna
stay in bed dreaming all day
when we're living the dream?
- Yup. That's the beach.
- The beach!
We live right on the beach,
Daisy.
I mean, have you seen it today?
Look at those waves.
The third-degree sunburn,
and that sand!
- So grainy!
- Ah! It's hot!
See those guys having fun!?
Oh, what the hey.
I'm gonna say hi!
Surf's up, dudes!
Howdy-do, fellow grommets?
So, are we living
the dream?
Some might say yes, depending
on how you look at it.
We all live
on a beautiful island.
This is Quokka Rocks,
about ten kilometers off
the coast of Sanctuary City.
Sandy beaches, sunny skies,
salty air...
Oh, and one more thing.
- Quokkas!
- Quokkas! Quokkas!
Wait! Hold up one sec!
You do know what a Quokka is,
right?
Well, let me educate ya.
Lights, please!
Thank you.
We quokkas
are a strange species.
Kind of half-kangaroo, half-rat,
crossed with a teddy bear,
- resulting in a quokka.
- My eyes!
Change it. Change it. Change it!
Ah, phew! Much more like it!
We used to live
a quiet, peaceful life,
all alone
on ye old Quokka Rocks.
I am so, so lost.
Hey you, you,
can you please help me?
Thank you so very much.
One selfie
changed it all.
That smile!
Next minute, everyone wanted
a selfie with a smiling quokka!
Yeah, we were a hit!
And not just a big hit.
A really big hit!
It was totally wild!
We were on T-Shirts,
beach towels,
breakfast cereals,
toilet rolls,
last-minute Wishmas gifts,
mugs, calendars,
motivational posters,
un-motivational posters,
and even ice blocks!
And I'll admit it,
we are pretty dang cute.
We're so cute, in fact, that all
quokkas now work in tourism,
taking selfies.
And my parents oversee
the entire industry.
Now, don't get me wrong,
I love a good smile
as much as the next quokka.
And when you live
in a place like this,
how can you
not be living the dream?
- Quokka!
- Here's your peanut here.
But whatever happened
to mine?
For centuries,
animals proved themselves
in the wild.
And now respect is earned
in the arena!
This is
the World's Scariest Games!
- Wow!
- And there it is, folks.
Frankie slams the buzzer
once again,
winning his fourth WSG title.
Frankie!
From that moment on,
I began my training to win
the World's Scariest Games!
Huh?
Mm! Ah!
- I'm okay!
- What?
Whoo!
Ah!
But as Frankie says,
"Never give up on your dreams."
So I didn't, and I actually
got pretty darn good.
And then you have to swing
across the vines to the finish,
but you can't land on the floor
because the floor is lava!
Whoo-hoo!
I mean, for one,
the games are finally back here
in Sanctuary City!
So, yes,
maybe we are living the dream,
but it's time to live mine.
Today is the day
that I finally tell my parents
what I'm going to do
with my life.
- Mum, dad.
- Mm-ah!
So good!
- Ah-ahem!
- Huh! Daisy!
Your mother and I actually need
to talk to you, too.
Oh! You did?
We know that tomorrow
is a big day in the city
with the World's Scariest Games
starting and all.
- You do?
- We sure do.
- Go on.
- So...
- Your mother and I saved up...
- Yuh-huh.
And bought you a ferry ticket
to Sanctuary City!
- To Sanctuary City?
- So you can be...
So I can be
The World's Scariest Animal!
Ambitious and funny.
Just like her old man.
What are we laughing about, huh?
Oh! That's not a joke.
Honey, she's... she's not
telling a joke.
Ah, uh, sweetie, uh,
that is not what quokkas do.
Quokkas
are... are small and smiley.
- I know, but...
- Like...
Look at these tiny weak arms.
And these problematic
sausage-shaped fingers.
Like, seriously,
who designed us?
What we were going
to say is we want you to be
the new face of Quokka Rocks!
What?
Honey, things are changing.
We're getting older and now that
you're no longer
our little girl...
Even though you'll always be
our little girl.
We really want you to take up
the family business,
putting that big smile of yours
to work.
So you didn't get me a ticket
to the games?
The games? But those athletes
are big and scary.
And they don't smile!
They don't smile, Daisy.
- Dad, but what if I...
- No smiles, but we smile.
- Dad, it's...
- It's what we were born to do!
- Mum, it's...
- It's in our DNA!
We love it when you smile!
Because we love you!
And quokkas love smiles!
It's what we all dream of!
But what if
I don't want to smile?
- Huh?
- Ah? What?
She don't wanna smile?
Oh, honey, that's not how the
face of Quokka Rocks should act.
I mean,
you've got an example to set.
A smiley example!
Oh, that reminds me, we should...
- Practice my smiles.
- Practice your smiles!
- Smile, sweetie!
- Ah...
Oh, look at that. Almost
as good as the real thing.
Ah, it sure is.
Welcome to Sanctuary City.
Please make sure you have
all of your belongings
as you disembark.
Aw, what's a quokka doing here?
Come on, we're gonna miss
the athletes!
The athletes!
Oh, that's a steep hill.
Come on! Come on!
Why is this so heavy?
Ah, you heavy piece of junk!
- Huh?
- Huh!
- Hm.
- Oh, no, no.
I meant the stand, not you.
Oh, no, no, no, no,
you don't!
Wait.
- Wow!
- That's right, folks!
Just like your heroes wear!
We've got your hometown
Sanctuary City!
Or get fired up for Fire Isle!
Hundred percent real,
definitely not fake.
Oh, do you have anything
with Frankie Scales?
Frankie who? Um, no.
But we've got Drago shirts.
- Drago!
- Ah!
- Oh!
- And say scary!
- Scary!
- Oh, thank you.
Ah.
Welcome
to the World's Scariest Games!
Ow!
...live cross in 30 seconds.
Pardon me. Sorry.
Just want to scooch through
there, thank you.
And we're on in three, two...
The one and only
Flightless Feather here,
reporting to you live
from Sanctuary Stadium.
Fans are descending on
the downtown area for a chance
to get a glimpse
of their favorite athletes
as they arrive
from across the globe
for the games
commencing this week.
The hosting city is still very
much in the selection process.
As hosts, Sanctuary City
receives not one
but two entrants for the games,
with qualifying rounds
starting tomorrow!
Oh, one second!
Here with me now
is the hot favorite
for our Sanctuary City team,
the mean,
green climbing machine,
Ronda Saltie!
- 'Sup, Flightless?
- Huh!
She said my name!
Ronda, what does it mean
for you to be the favorite
to qualify leading
into the games in your hometown?
Well, Flightless, winning
these games isn't just for me,
it's for all the animals
out there
who believe
dreams can come true.
- Huh!
- On you, Ronda.
In the lead-up to these games,
Ronda has undergone
an extreme training regime,
coached by former WSG champion,
Jerry Whiskers.
Under that leadership, Ronda
Saltie is Sanctuary City's
golden hope for victory, heading
into the World's Scariest Games.
I'm Flightless Feather,
flying off.
Excuse me? Ronda? Excuse me.
Hi!
What you just said was just
really inspirational for...
This area is press only, kid.
- Beat it!
- Shh.
- And you are?
- Oh, of course!
Manners, Daisy, manners!
My name is Daisy Quokka.
And I'm here to try out
for the World's Scariest Games!
Try out? For the games?
You're... you're a quokka.
You realize you're a quokka,
don't you, quokka?
Well, uh, yes.
Look, this is the World's
Scariest Games, sweetheart.
Some of us have trained
our whole lives to get here.
And only the world's best
can compete.
- She means her.
- She's the best!
Um, I...
You realize
you need a coach, right?
No coach
is going to vouch for a quokka.
You won't even be allowed
to try out.
Oh! Well, maybe your coach
can be my coach, too?
Why don't you just go
take some stupid selfies
and do something
you're actually good at?
In fact, here,
have one for free.
Smile!
Later, quokka.
Well, what an extremely
unpleasant crocodile!
Hey! Hey, you!
You're one of those
smiley quokkas, right?
Can we get a photo?
That's what I'm here for.
Yeah!
Say quokka!
- Say pizza!
- Quokka!
Who's next?
I'm sorry, Frankie. Ah!
What the quokka?
Drop bears?
Whoa-whoa, whoa-whoa-whoa!
Stop it. Get down from there!
Well, this isn't for eating!
Shoo! Shoo! Get out of there!
That's my stuff!
No! Get back here!
Wait, wait!
You can play on the stand again.
Come back! Come back!
Drop bears, little drop bears.
We can share some honey toast
if you like.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's probably just a sad wolf.
Animals! You mongrels,
get out of here!
- Huh?
- Shoo! Shoo!
Won't you little monsters
leave me in peace?
- Huh?
- Ah!
Oi! Give that back!
- No, no! Not in the swamp!
- Yuck!
No, it... it can't be.
Yeah! And stay out!
Holy quokka,
it's Frankie Scales!
Five-time WSG champion
and my personal hero.
Rankie Scales?
Hey there, little one.
You do know who that is
down there, right?
- No.
- What?
That's Frankie Scales!
Wait, w... w... wait. I have
something I prepared earlier.
Oh, yes,
I finally get to use this.
Lights.. Uh...
Frankie Scales, a legend,
the greatest athlete
the games had ever seen!
Mi amigo.
Was absolutely dominating
the WSG course.
But all that changed during
the heated Fire Isles Finale
where Frankie was against
his long-term rival,
Jerry Whiskers!
♪ Da-da-da ♪♪
Me pretending to be Jerry.
"You will not win again,
Frankie Scales!"
And Frankie goes,
"Yeah, nah, mate, I will!
"I'm just gonna go climb this
massive mountain now. See ya!"
- Go, Rankie!
- But Jerry was catching up!
Frankie and Jerry,
both high up on the mountain.
And Frankie was like, unce,
unce, unce up the massive slope
when suddenly Jerry
saw an opening, and whoosh,
tried to edge Frankie out.
Whack! Hyah!
Frankie tail-whips. Oh,
by accident, I'm pretty sure.
Jerry falling. More falling.
Ahh!
Still falling,
it's really far down.
Horror, devastation, chaos,
heartbreak, shook-ness!
The shook-ness
was too much to bear.
I don't think I can go on
with the next part of the story.
I can't, but I must!
The aftermath!
- Jerry's fate.
- Aye-oh, Jerry.
- Yes, doctor.
- You will never walk again.
No-o-o!
Frankie's fate. The city that
once loved him turns on him!
"You're a monster!"
"You're a cheat!"
"I do declare you stinky!"
Cut to...
The games
turned on Frankie, too.
His achievements erased,
forgotten, betrayed!
- No!
- Yes, little one.
Devastated by the injury he
caused to his respected rival,
the shame was too much to bear,
the great Frankie Scales left
the city that once loved him
vowing to never return again.
His family, torn apart,
left behind.
- "No, papa!"
- Papa!
And just like that he vanished.
- No-o!
- Never to be seen again.
Until now,
when Frankie reemerges
in a glorious comeback
as the coach and best friend
of Daisy Quokka!
Oh, thank you.
I'd like to thank
my mum and my dad.
Aah! Oh!
Ah!
What is a quokka doing
lurking around my home?
I wasn't lurking.
Um, I was loitering!
That's even worse.
I despise loitering.
Now, you've got two seconds
to state your business
before I make you my breakfast!
Uh, but it's night time?
Oh, I get up late.
I'm a night owl.
But you're a crocodile.
I'm not actually a night owl.
You know what? Forget it!
Ah, my name is Daisy Quokka
and I know you're Frankie Scales
and I'm your number-one fan
and I'm looking to compete
in the World's Scariest Games
held in Sanctuary City
and I'd like you to be my coach.
Please don't eat me.
Thank you for your time.
The games are being held
in the city?
Uh, yeah.
First time in 20 years.
So you'll be my coach?
Not in a million years, kid.
But you're
the World's Scariest Animal!
World's Scariest Animal!
You wanna know where all the
world's scariest animals are?
Right here, in the wild!
- Wild!
- Oh, no!
plop
- Ugh!
- Oh.
Please, Mr. Scales.
I... I know
I don't look like much.
What's a quokka
wanna enter the games for, huh?
Well, it's been my dream
ever since I was little.
- Your dream is to get killed?
- No!
Well, I got news for ya,
you're gonna.
I know I can do this!
You realize you're a quokka,
don't you, quokka?
Besides, why should I care?
The games
turned their back on me
and now I'm turning me back
on you.
Um, I can still
see your snout.
No, you can't.
I'm in stealth mode.
Uh, yes, I can. Snout.
Mr. Scales, you once said,
"Never give up on your dreams."
I'm taking that advice to heart.
Kid, life will be a lot easier
if you just leave your dreams
where they belong. Trust me.
Frankie,
I know you didn't mean to...
You should come back.
The city will forgive you.
Nah, no one wants me back.
Now, get out of here, kid,
before I get hungry.
I guess
that Ronda girl was right.
- Hm?
- I really am just a quokka.
- You said Ronda?
- Oh, yeah.
Word is she's the hot pick
to beat Drago this year.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
And she's a mean crocodile, too,
just like you.
You know what, uh,
I'm in a good mood today.
- So I might just help you out.
- This is your good mood?
And I'm gonna try and forget
the fact that you're a quokka.
You won't ever
regret it, Mr. Scales.
- Now, look, just listen to me.
- I promise I'll train so hard...
Ah, this is a mistake already.
- No, no! I'm listening, coach.
- Stop!
If I'm gonna coach ya,
you're gonna...
I won't let you down,
Mr. Scales.
Uh..
Whoo-hoo! Aha! Oh, yeah!
- What? What are you doing?
- Oh. Dancing.
♪ Mm mm yeah ooh ♪♪
Please stop. Just cut it out.
Aye-aye, captain!
Over here! Come on, you lot!
- A-ha!
- Ha-ha-ha...
- Cool hat! Where'd you get it?
- Uh...
One more word about my hat,
and I'm out of here.
What? But it's a nice hat.
I just never took you for
a hat kind of croc, you know?
Maybe a scarf? Whoa!
Whoa!
Was it always this packed,
Frankie?
- Frankie?
- Uh! Uh...
Frankie,
is there something wrong?
Ah, nothing, it's...
It's just, it's been a while.
Oh, well then, let's go!
Um, kid, maybe I shouldn't...
- Francis Scales!
- Huh!
Ah!
Uh-oh.
- Mm.
- Huh? Oh.
Double uh-oh.
Huh!
I thought I'd seen
the last of you, quokka.
- And you are?
- Uh, um, it's, it's Fran...
- Did I ask you?
- No, but...
Well then, who are ya?
Uh, uh, Frankie Scales.
I didn't think I'd ever see
your snout down here again.
I don't wanna argue, Jerry, I'm
just here to support my athlete.
A quokka?
I'm the head coach, pal.
And your quokka's got no shot.
Hopefully she only ends up
on the bench,
not in a chair like me.
Eeh! Ah!
Today you're in a place
where broken dreams
and bones are made,
where it takes guts
and ferocity,
a place
where smiles don't exist.
Welcome to the try-outs
for the World's Scariest Games!
In order to qualify, you'll
need to conquer this course.
♪ Da-da da-da ♪♪
Would you look at that?
Good grief! Hazaarr!
Oh!
- Yup!
- But be careful not to slip.
Otherwise you'll end up
in the Pool of Disqualification.
Which was never built!
Damn budget cuts!
Ah, anyway,
the top two fastest athletes,
and only the top two,
will represent Sanctuary City
at this year's games.
Each one of you gets one shot
to make it to that buzzer.
Only then will ya be considered.
Alright then, let's get scary!
- Knock-out!
- Ah, ah, ah!
Out!
Ah!
Can I get a decent athlete
out here?
Come on, this is embarrassing!
Ahh!
Ronda!
Show 'em how it's done.
- Huh!
- Wow!
Whoo-hoo!
Double whoa.
Time!
Wow!
Yeah! Ronda,
loved her!
Alright! That's what
I'm talkin' about.
But I need two athletes
on my team!
How about you, Dex Brown?
Oi, Dex!
One second. That's, that's me.
I'll be right back.
Bring it home, mate!
Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex!
Dex Brown!
Zoom!
- Ah!
- Whoo-hoo!
On you, Dex!
Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex!
Me! Me! Me! Me!
Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex! Dex!
Right-o, I think that's
everyone, so let's go and get...
Hey, what about me?
Oh. Right.
And last,
from the look of things
probably least, Daisy Quokka.
He said my name!
- Ha-ha-ha!
- You scared, quokka?
- Just give up!
- Why don't you smile, honey?
Okay, you can do this.
Hmph!
Ah...
Oh...
Oh!
Yup! Definitely least.
Wait! Look over there!
Mm?
Huh?
Huh. Hm.
Yes! I did it! Huh?
- Yoo-hoo!
- Ah... Okay.
You could do this, Daisy.
We have a new record
for the slowest
completion time ever!
Uh...
Thank you to everyone who
tried out for this year's games.
Unfortunately, we can't give
uniforms to all of you.
In fact, pretty much all of you
will go home empty-handed.
Uh, except for you, Tim.
- Huh!
- That is, uh, that is gross.
Having said that,
I'm proud to announce the two,
and only two athletes
representing Sanctuary City
at this year's
World's Scariest Games.
Ronda Saltie!
Saltie Ronda?
Smashed it, mate!
The second athlete is...
Dex Brown.
Whoo-hoo! Dex Brown!
Nice one, Dexy! Bring it in!
Sanctuary City!
Oi, Oi, Oi!
Well done to this year's
scariest animals.
Everyone else,
feel free to return home
to your boring lives.
Uh, excuse me,
Mr. Whiskers!
Hey, hey, you,
you're slowing down!
Keep, keep up.
That's Augustus Maximus.
He is the president
of the games.
Wow!
This cocky cockie
is not the second member
of the Sanctuary City team.
Uh, are you for real, mate?
Why don't you just focus on
your little paperwork there,
okay, buddy?
Then perhaps you're familiar
with this paperwork?
The Scariest Games rulebook
states that the team selections
are based
on the fastest completion time
only by athletes
who have hit the buzzer.
Mr. Brown right here
did not hit the buzzer,
and, therefore,
he did not complete the course,
he does not qualify.
Oh, come on!
That's a technicality.
He's way better
than the rest of these wannabes.
That may very well be true,
but rules are rules.
As much as it pains me
to say this,
the only other athlete
to hit the buzzer was
Daisy Quokka.
That's, that's me?
That's my name!
- Ugh!
- What?
What? No... no Dex Brown?
Whoo-hoo!
Frankie!
Daisy!
- Yay! Whoo-hoo!
- What are you doing?
Oh. I thought you'd maybe lift
me triumphantly into the air.
- Seemed like the moment for it.
- Well, I mean, I can.
But it'd be a little bit weird
now, wouldn't it?
Yeah, I'd, I'd like that.
Daisy! Daisy? Daisy.
I think we're done here.
Wow!
Welcome to the team, quokka.
Oh, hey, Jerry,
I'm ready to start training.
This jersey used to mean
something to this city.
Well, not anymore.
Wanna know why?
Because it's being worn
by a tiny quokka
who has no business being here.
Try not to embarrass
our entire city,
hey, ankle-biter.
Coming to you live
once again from Sanctuary City!
Hello and welcome,
I'm your host,
the dashingly good-looking
Flightless Feather.
And joining me
in the commentary booth
is the world's cutest co-host,
Bernard the Drop Bear.
How excited are we, Bernie?
Ah!
Couldn't have said it better
myself!
In fact, show us
what we've got in store, Bernie.
Four terror-tories
from across the globe
in competition this year,
five athletes in total.
Each game commences
with a deadly obstacle course
rising from beneath
the arena floor, unknown to all.
Each round, the athlete who hits
that glorious red buzzer
in the fastest time
wins the points,
adding
to their leaderboard tally.
That's right,
Bernie, the two athletes
with the highest points tally
will face off in the finale
to be crowned
the World's Scariest Animal!
We are mere seconds away
from meeting our warriors.
Are you ready, Bernie?
Let's cross over to the arena.
Listen up, Ronda,
this is your moment.
Don't engage the other teams
during...
Any words of wisdom, coach?
Hm. Just don't die out there.
I can't have that
on me conscience.
Please take your
seats for the opening ceremony,
brought to you by Bushbars!
Mm! Love those Bushbars!
Please welcome Yarra!
Head up.
Here we go.
Ladies
and gentle-mammals,
please welcome
the scariest animals
from across the globe!
Whoa!
And here they are,
the hosting city's athletes,
Team Sanctuary City!
There she is,
our big hope
to challenge Drago Modo,
Ronda Saltie!
And her fellow competitor
Daisy Quokka.
- Who is, uh, she w... well...
- Quokka!
- She's a quokka!
- A quokka.
- What? A quokka?
- Ah!
- Roll, roll, roll, roll.
- Honey.
I'm trying to call Daisy's line,
but she's not picking up.
She'll be fine,
she's probably too busy
taking smiley selfies
to get to the phone.
...and Daisy Quokka,
our second competitor
from Sanctuary City.
Or she's competing
in the most dangerous sport
on the planet!
And from the corners
of the Earth,
it's time to kick some ice
with New Winterland!
Represented by Tyrus Polar!
Next up, Savannah Kingdom!
This is Adewale Khan,
king of the Kingdom.
And finally, home of the current
World's Scariest champion,
the raging, the blazing,
the one and only Fire Isle!
The World's Scariest Animal,
Drago Modo!
Drago.
Sha-wow-za!
What a ceremony, Bernie!
I... it had everything.
Here we are,
the first challenge!
Let's see what Mother Nature
will be throwing
at our athletes tonight.
What are you doing?
It's actually Drago Modo!
The Drago.
He's won the WSG title
four times in a row!
And he'll win again
if you don't let me focus!
Frankie once said,
"There's nothing wrong
with a bit of sportsmanship."
Ooh! I gotta go shake hands.
- Daisy, wait! No!
- Mr. Modo.
It's a pleasure
competing with you in th...
- Ah!
Replay!
Ooh! That's gonna hurt!
Oof!
That's a little embarrassing.
Huh?
Do you feel that, Ronda?
Uh, Ronda?
Ah! I get it.
Wait!
Competitors,
on your marks!
Ronda!
Get set!
Stupid quokka!
Alrighty then. Let's get scary!
And we're live, folks!
Oh, wow, The First Wish, known
as one of the most terrifying
courses in WSG history!
W... what a way
to kick off these games!!
Whoo-hoo!
Come on, Ronda!
Just look
at Ronda Saltie go!
She is cruising ahead
for Sanctuary City!
Outstanding start
by this young athlete.
Here the athletes come, folks!
Drago, Ronda, Tyrus, Adewale,
all storming up the course.
Daisy Quokka
now trailing terribly behind.
W... wait.
Is that all you've got, huh?
Our little quokka
has stepped on
one of many booby traps
riddled throughout the course.
You know, she's an odd choice
for the games, Bernie.
Not exactly what comes to mind
when you think scary.
Come on, kid, get up!
Look out!
Go home, quokka!
No!
Go, Daisy!
Don't let fear take over you!
Ah!
- Ronda?
- Daisy!
What are you doing? Get off me!
Ronda, please!
Help me! Please!
Ah, you stupid quokka!
Ronda, I'm, I'm so sorry.
- I... I...
- Urgh!
We might be wearing
the same colors,
but it's every animal
for themselves in the arena.
Quit now
before you hurt yourself
or, worse, someone else.
Tonight
was utter mayhem, Bernie.
Here is how the leaderboard
stands after round one.
The favorite, Drago, firmly
at the top of the ladder,
taking home top points.
Sanctuary City fans,
look away now as your athletes,
Ronda and Daisy,
are rooted firmly to the bottom.
Is there any way back
for this croc and quok?
- Hello?
- Hey, dad, it's me.
Honey! Honey, it's Daisy!
- Honey! Honey, it's mum.
- Hi, mum.
Are you okay, honey?
Are you alive?
We just saw you on the TV,
kiddo.
That was really scary
for us.
- You nearly died.
- And you weren't smiling!
Tell her,
I couldn't see her smiling!
Anyway, your mother and I, well,
we're just so glad
that you lost the games
and you're coming home, honey.
A quick game's a good game, hey?
- You tried.
- W... what?
I'm still in the games!
I'm just at the bottom
of the ladder.
- Oh, but you were terrible!
- So terrible, honey.
Like the terriblest thing
ever!
And, kiddo, you're supposed
to be the face of Quokka Rocks.
Promoting the island!
Doing anything but competing
in the World's Scariest Games.
It's not what quokkas do!
You know this!
Maybe you should
come home now.
We think
y... you're not quite ready
to be the face of Quokka Rocks,
at least not yet.
Honey, would they let you leave
if I wrote you a note?
They don't write notes anymore,
hon.
They just quit!
It's what kids do these days.
- It's totally acceptable.
- Acceptable?
That would never have
happened back in our day.
I know, hon.
Times are changing!
Oh. Uh, hi.
- Hey.
- Uh...
- Close call tonight, right?
- It was.
But that's the games.
Well, uh, I'm glad you're safe.
- And... and... and Daisy, too.
- Thanks.
Uh... Mm!
Hey, um, you know,
I... I checked out
some of your old tapes.
You were alright
back in the day.
Oh, thanks, kid.
- Uh, Ronda, I...
- Oi!
If you're looking for the kid,
she's not here anymore.
What?
When did she leave?
Right after she nearly got
my athlete killed.
Time to pack your bags, Frankie.
All aboard!
Ah...
Daisy, you can't quit.
Not now. You've come too far!
Look, I don't belong here.
You know it and I know it.
What happened to the quokka
I first met, eh?
Tenacious, determined,
following her dreams.
But look at you now. Running
away because you're scared?
Of course I'm scared!
I'm scared
because I just almost died!
But I could never be as scared
as I am having to go back home,
having to live out
an ordinary life,
doing a job that's forced on me
because of who I am
on the outside
rather than
who I am on the inside.
I'm scared of living out my life
knowing that
my dreams passed me by
and I didn't even try!
Then stay.
Why do you even want me to stay?
You never believed
I could do this.
- If you leave...
- If I leave, what?
You'll regret it
for the rest of your life.
- Trust me.
- Seriously!
How are you going to turn me
into the World's
Scariest Animal?
Huh, uh, ah, I don't know
if I can train you well enough
to survive, kid, let alone win.
I guess you were right.
My dream was meant to be
just that, a dream.
Uh...
I used to love coming here
when I was young.
Runnin' around with my friends,
playing pretend
World's Scariest Games.
Really?
I used to do that, too,
back on Quokka Rocks.
You mustn't have been very good.
Why is that?
'Cause you're lying in lava
right now!
You played
the floor is lava, too?
Yes,
of course, Daisy.
Everyone did,
even old farts like me.
You know what, bet you can't
beat me to that slide.
Oh, you are so on!
Watch out
for that lava up ahead!
You burned your foot!
Daisy Quokka
races towards the Leap of Faith.
Can she make it?
- Yay!
- Winner! Whoo-hoo!
Daisy, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
This whole time
I didn't believe in you
because you're not scary at all!
You already told me I suck,
Frankie.
No, no, no, what I mean is, uh,
out here, you've got skills.
Why is that?
I don't know. I, we were just
playing around, I guess.
Exactly.
You were just being you!
Don't you see, kid, you don't
need to be the scariest
in the arena,
the biggest and the baddest.
You just need to be you,
a quokka.
- Don't try and be anyone else.
- Oh, I don't know, Frankie.
I mean,
this is just the playground.
- It's not like the arena.
- Oh, but it is.
Look, the gap you just cleared
is longer than the one you faced
in the first game.
So, now that I know
how to train you,
the only question is,
are you ready to win?
I'm ready!
- Uh...
- Ah!
- Hey, what's this?
- Training wheels.
I don't need training wheels.
We'll see.
See, training wheels.
Next up, you must swing across
the ocean of sharks!
Ah!
Argh!
- Again!
- Ah.
- Ah!
Again! Again!
Again! Again! Again!
Whoo-hoo!
Uh! Yes! Whoo-hoo!
Again!
Go, Daisy! Go!
Sit up straight.
We're gonna talk about diet.
Quinoa, sushi.
You've got to be strong.
You've got to be tough!
But most of all,
you've gotta have fun with it!
There they are,
the city's dynamic duo!
And what an incredible rise
it's been for Daisy Quokka.
Zero to hero!
Wow! Daisy!
Forget walking
on water,
Daisy Quokka is absolutely
flying across it tonight.
Mm, get your merch!
Get your new merch!
New merch from the one and only
Daisy Quokka!
Hmph!
Drago Modo
slamming his way into the final.
But what's this? Daisy and Ronda
racing for that last spot!
Who will it be?
All of us
on the edge of our seats.
I can't believe it!
Daisy is taking the lead!
Come on, kid!
And she has done it!
Daisy Quokka has done it!
- Yay, yeah, yeah!
- Daisy, Daisy!
Yes! There you go!
Now go, go, go!
Yeah, good on ya, Daisy!
I simply cannot believe it!
What a result, folks!
Daisy Quokka to face
Drago Modo in the final!
Yay! Daisy!
- Daisy! Daisy! Daisy!
- Daisy! Daisy!
- Whoo-hoo!
Yeah, yeah! Yes!
I'm still picturing the look
on Drago's face
when you hit that buzzer.
Yeah, it was gold!
I can't believe it, kid,
you made it!
- The finals!
Alright, just a light cool down
tonight.
You got a very big day tomorrow.
The day you've been dreaming
about your entire life.
Wow! No pressure, hey?
I'm proud of you, kid.
And I'm sorry I didn't see it
to start with,
but you are a true athlete.
- Uh, coach, you okay?
- Um, yeah. Yeah.
I'm just a bit tired
from all the cheering, you know?
You're thinking about her again,
aren't you?
Huh! What?
Why would you say that?
Frankie,
I know Ronda's your daughter.
Wait, what, uh...
How'd you know that?
You knew from the start,
didn't ya?
Yeah. I knew.
I know everything
about you, Frankie.
Your moves, your history,
your catch phrases.
And as soon as I saw Ronda,
I saw so much of you in her.
Your abilities, your strengths.
Though she might even be
a little better than you.
- Daisy, I...
- And...
Why else would you agree
to coach me...
a quokka?
You wanted to see her.
Look, uh, kid, these games,
they were the only thing
I was ever good at.
And after they took it all away
from me, I was lost.
I didn't want Ronda
to resent me as a father
like the rest of the city did.
I thought it would be easier
if I just pretended
I never existed.
Oh, Frankie, that's no excuse,
but you should be
telling her this, not me.
You need to talk to her.
Ah, no, I wouldn't even know
where to begin.
When I met you, I thought
this could be my chance
to see her again, and I did.
And I...
I just don't want her
to hate me.
Frankie, talk to her.
You just have to show her
you still care.
Yeah, I know.
I guess you hate me now, too,
huh?
Nah.
Life is too amazing
to have hate in my heart.
You know what?
You really are special,
Daisy Quokka.
Yeah, I know.
Let's go, kid.
We've got a big day tomorrow!
- The final! Whoo-hoo!
- Whoo-hoo! The final!
What?
This is it, folks. The big show.
Daisy, the little quokka
that could
up against the reigning champion
Drago Modo!
You didn't think we'd let you
walk out there alone, did ya?
I'm proud of you, quokka.
Now go win this for us.
You've got this, Daisy Quokka.
Competing
in the World's
Scariest Games championship,
hailing from Sanctuary City,
Daisy Quokka!
Daisy!
This is a dream come true!
Oh, no! Not again!
And her opponent,
a dragon that needs
no introduction,
Drago Modo!
My golly gosh,
he is scary!
Good luck to you.
Luck is the currency
of the weak.
Well, unluckily for you,
I'm totally prepared to...
Athletes, to the sidelines.
Oh! What? But I didn't get
to finish my comeback.
Go on, quokka.
I'll give you a head start.
Okay.
The floor is literally lava.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
The floor is freaking lava!
Hot dang, Bernie!
What a fire-nale this will be!
Daisy Quokka, ready?
Drago Modo, ready?
Then here we go!
- Three!
- Go, Daisy!
- Two!
- Come on, Daisy!
- Come on!
- One!
Go!
- And they're off.
- Daisy!
It's just a hot day
on the beach.
Just a hot day on the beach!
Mm!
Give up, quokka. You'll always
be chasing my tail.
Dang it, the king of the course
is not happy about that.
Ah!
Daisy Quokka
chasing down the champ!
Not letting the heat get to her.
Back to Drago, gearing up
for the Lava Falls runway.
Shut up! Whoa!
A lava waterfall?
That is so rad.
What kind of genius
comes up with this stuff?
Wait! Down there!
- Ah!
- Urgh! Get off! Ooh.
Ooh! She is on fire!
Go on.
I'll give you a head start.
Oh, no!
Come on, Daisy! Come on!
Yes! Come on, Daisy!
You can win this thing!
You're my hero!
Daisy's making
her move! This is incredible!
- Yay!
- Yes!
Daisy Quokka
moments away from becoming
the new World's Scariest Animal!
I can't believe it!
T... this is incredible!
Oh, no!
What's happening?
Drago is officially
out of control!
Oh, no!
Drago!
- Move! Out of my way!
- Other way!
Get these animals out!
We gotta get this thing open!
Oh! Think, Daisy. Think!
That's it!
Move!
Those who do not
live by the rules
shall fall by the rules!
Please follow all
emergency exit rules. Thank you!
Jerry, mate,
I'm here, I've got ya!
- Huh! Kerry, are you okay?
- Go, you'll be safe!
Daisy, are you... Daisy!
Where's Daisy?
Get out of here! It won't hold!
Ronda!
Daisy?
Daisy!
Huh?
Ronda, listen, um,
I need to tell you something.
I know...
dad.
No, no, I was...
I was the one that was supposed
to look after ya,
make sure nothing bad
ever happened to ya.
And then I left.
And I left ya, like a coward!
Can ya, can ya forgive me?
Ronda, find Daisy!
I'll make us a way out of here.
Daisy, where are you?
- Daisy!
- Ronda?
Daisy! Daisy!
Vitals signs are good,
vitals are steady.
Nurse, check her blood pressure.
Oh! She's waking up!
Um, it's exactly
what I was afraid of!
Oh, no! What?
- Skeletons!
- Ah!
Ah...
- Oh! Daisy!
- Hey there, kiddo!
You gave us
quite a scare there, sport.
And we're all here for you, hon.
All of us.
Everyone?
Ronda, thank you.
How can I ever repay you?
Silly quokka!
You already have.
The stadium!
Did everyone make it out okay?
- Ah, take it easy, sweetie.
- Everybody is fine.
- Thanks to you.
- Me?
But what happened to Drago?
Why don't you have
a slice of honey toast, sweetie?
Honey toast?
"Drago banned and arrested."
Honey, what's wrong?
Oh, nothing, it's just...
I never got to achieve my dream.
Oh, honey, it's alright.
But, it isn't alright, mum.
I completely ignored everything
you asked of me.
I wasn't the face
of Quokka Rocks.
All for some dream
that the world would see me
as more than just
a silly little quokka.
Oh, you galah,
we don't think that.
No silly, at all.
There's something
that we think you should see.
Dad, what are you...
Feast your eyes, Daisy!
Can you change my bedpan?
- It's the other side, honey.
- Ooh, sorry!
Come with us, Daisy.
- Are you sure you can't see?
- No peeking, hon!
Dad, I'm already
covering my eyes.
Alright, alright,
just making sure.
We know you had your heart set
on becoming
the World's Scariest Animal,
but we think this title
is a little more fitting.
Daisy! Daisy!
- Daisy.
We couldn't be prouder
of you, sweetie.
My name is Daisy Quokka.
And there's nothing ordinary
about life here
on Quokka Rocks.
We are a species
that now lives our dreams
whatever they may be.
More importantly,
our actions inspire others
to live their dreams, too.
Please welcome
the World's Bravest Animal!
For Ronda and Frankie?
That means making up
for lost time as a family.
...ever!
For Jerry?
He actually learned how to be
a pretty dang good coach.
And as for me?
Well, I've learned
that when life puts obstacles
in your path, you don't quit.
Instead,
you follow a few wise words
once spoken by a true champion.
"Never give up on your dreams."
Whoo-hoo! Dex Brown!
Ah, are you for real,
mate?
Whoo-hoo!
- Ronda Saltie!
- Hello, Flightless.
Huh.
She said my name.